This time, I believe that this mission is not too much of a problem,
even if it means that it will affect the future of the Sino-Japanese Empire.
Fortunately, I hope that the great guidance and support of the relevant parties
will fulfill the national mission of the Sino-Japanese Empire.
The Sino-Japanese People's Republic of Japan,
which has been established after the establishment of the National University of Japan,
will be held in the future.
I would like to express my gratitude and gratitude to the center
for this opportunity.
Today, the competition is operated mainly in the Great Japan Competition.
However, the subject of this activity is related to the public health.
I would like to ask the members of the public health committee
to cooperate with the auction.
In addition, the whole nation needs to be able to participate in the auction
and the event is held in the country and the place.
Therefore, this time, I would like to measure the progress of the communication system
and the development of various national organizations.
In this activity, there is a special thing that the relevant organizations
need to cooperate with.
I would like to ask for your special support for the relationship resolution.
Today, I have the opportunity to present the fourth grand prize, the Great Japan Competition,
and the eight times of the Great Japan Competition.
I remember that it was really meaningful.
I would like to ask you to cooperate with the national mission of the public health committee
to achieve this national mission.
Thank you.